README.md, before:

[![https://www.singularity-hub.org/static/img/hosted-singularity--hub-%23e32929.svg](https://www.singularity-hub.org/static/img/hosted-singularity--hub-%23e32929.svg)](https://singularity-hub.org/collections/917)

# <sup><sub><sup><sub>[ebb &]</sub></sup></sub></sup> Flow

Experiment pipeline

TODO

# Tools

## Deploy code to singularity-hub

Include it in .travis.yml files for automatic deployment after successful tests.

```bash
flow-deploy ...
```

## Submit jobs on clusters

Using SmartDispatch as a backend

```bash
flow-submit [SCHEDULER OPTIONS] [COMMAND] ...
```

Can be combined with `flow-execute`

```bash
flow-submit [SCHEDULER OPTIONS] flow-execute shub://bouthilx/my-experiment:version [COMMAND] ...
```

## Execute jobs using singularity containers

```bash
flow-execute shub://bouthilx/my-experiment:version [COMMAND] ...
```

## Render results

```bash
flow-analyze
```

```bash
flow-compare
```

# Install

TODO

# Configuration

TODO

# Containers

[![https://www.singularity-hub.org/static/img/hosted-singularity--hub-%23e32929.svg](https://www.singularity-hub.org/static/img/hosted-singularity--hub-%23e32929.svg)](https://singularity-hub.org/collections/917)

## Pytorch 0.3.1

Commit message:

Add base configuration for sregistry
Why:

Tool sregistry needs some environment variables set to be able to cache
singularity containers. Some other environment variables are useful for
common needs like data folder, home experiment folder or certificate
folder.

README.md, after:

[![https://www.singularity-hub.org/static/img/hosted-singularity--hub-%23e32929.svg](https://www.singularity-hub.org/static/img/hosted-singularity--hub-%23e32929.svg)](https://singularity-hub.org/collections/917)

# <sup><sub><sup><sub>[ebb &]</sub></sup></sub></sup> Flow

Experiment pipeline

TODO

# Tools

## Deploy code to singularity-hub

Include it in .travis.yml files for automatic deployment after successful tests.

```bash
flow-deploy ...
```

## Submit jobs on clusters

Using SmartDispatch as a backend

```bash
flow-submit [SCHEDULER OPTIONS] [COMMAND] ...
```

Can be combined with `flow-execute`

```bash
flow-submit [SCHEDULER OPTIONS] flow-execute shub://bouthilx/my-experiment:version [COMMAND] ...
```

## Execute jobs using singularity containers

```bash
flow-execute shub://bouthilx/my-experiment:version [COMMAND] ...
```

## Render results

```bash
flow-analyze
```

```bash
flow-compare
```

# Install

TODO

# Configuration

In .bashrc or similar,

```bash
SINGULARITY_DIR=/some/path/to/singularity
export SREGISTRY_STORAGE=$SINGULARITY_DIR
export SINGULARITY_CACHEDIR=$SINGULARITY_DIR/cache
export SREGISTRY_DATABASE=$SINGULARITY_DIR
export SREGISTRY_NVIDIA_TOKEN=<SECRET>

export DATA_FOLDER=/some/path/to/data
```

If using mongodb secured with a certificate,

```bash
export CERTIFICATE_FOLDER=/some/path/to/certs
```
TODO

# Containers

[![https://www.singularity-hub.org/static/img/hosted-singularity--hub-%23e32929.svg](https://www.singularity-hub.org/static/img/hosted-singularity--hub-%23e32929.svg)](https://singularity-hub.org/collections/917)

## Pytorch 0.3.1
